---
layout: post
current: post
cover:  assets/images/welcome.jpg
navigation: True
title: Welcome to Posix
date: 2017-07-27 10:00:00
tags: [Getting started]
class: post-template
subclass: 'post tag-getting-started'
author: posix
---

Hey! Welcome to Posix, it's great to have you :

We know that first impressions are important, so we've populated your new site with some initial **Getting Started** posts that will help you get familiar with everything in no time. This is the first one!

### There are a few things that you should know up-front :)

1. Posix is designed for ambitious, professional publishers who want to actively build a business around their content. That's who it works best for. If you're using Posix for some other purpose, that's fine too - but it might not be the best choice for you.
2. The entire platform can be modified and customized to suit your needs, which is very powerful, but doing so **does** require some knowledge of code. Ghost is not necessarily a good platform for beginners or people who just want a simple personal blog.
3. For the best experience we recommend downloading the Ghost Desktop App for your computer, which is the best way to access your Ghost site on a desktop device.

Ghost is made by an independent non-profit organisation called the Ghost Foundation. We are 100% self funded by revenue from our [Posix(Pro)](https://github.com/posix-dev) service, and every penny we make is re-invested into funding further development of free, open source technology for modern journalism.

Once you're done reading, you can simply delete the default **Posix** user from your team to remove all of these introductory posts!
